Update k8s-dry-run.md (#4194)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/kubernetes-executions/k8s-dry-run.md

<+pipeline.stages.Deploy.spec.execution.steps.Dry_Run.k8s.ManifestDryRun>
```

> You can potentially print it out in a shell script step to perform some logic like `kubectl diff`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example is to use a Harness [Shell Script step](/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/utilities/shell-script-step) to perform logic using `kubectl diff`:
```
